Add timescaledb.license API section (#506)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: api.md

```
---

## timescaledb.license [](timescaledb_license)

View or set currently used TimescaleDB license.

It is possible to downgrade currently used license from `timescale` to `apache` by setting
the `timescaledb.license` GUC in the server configuration file or using the

> server command line.

Reviewer: Can you give more details or even give example in sample session?

> It is possible to downgrade currently used license from `timescale` to `apache` by setting
> the `timescaledb.license` GUC in the server configuration file or using the
> server command line.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure we should focus on downgrades here. I suggest adding a bit more nuance:

```suggestion
It is possible to limit access to features by license by changing the `timescaledb.license` settings parameter in the server configuration file or on the server command line. For instance, by setting `timescaledb.license`  to `apache`, it is only possible to use TimescaleDB features that are implemented under the Apache 2 license. The default value is `timescale`, however, which allows access to all features.
```
